hi I'm Diane cometa and today audition
with dye I'm making Caesar salad this is
a classic salad and the dressing Caesar
dressing is really easy and it can be
used for lots of other things so let me
show you what you need and we'll get
started
today on dish and with dye you need some
mayonnaise some freshly grated Parmesan
cheese some lemon juice some wishes your
sauce some olive oil Dijon mustard
granulated sugar chopped garlic anchovy
paste fresh ground black pepper and salt
I also have some romaine lettuce here
that I've washed and thoroughly patted
dry and then chopped into bite-size
pieces
now it's important that you keep your
romaine lettuce chilled before you serve
it because if it sits out at room
temperature too long after it's been cut
then it can wilt a little bit so I'm
going to set that aside make sure I get
that back into the fridge the other
thing that I have are my fresh homemade
croutons so you can use you know
store-bought if you want but these are
really simple to make so I'm going to
leave the link for this for you as well
now this is a really super simple recipe
it's just you know a lot of different
ingredients here now I have a little
mini food processor that I'm going to
use for this if you don't have one you
can use a blender you can use an
immersion blender or you could try to do
this by hand and I'll explain you know
different things that you might have to
adjust if you do it by hand now the one
thing you might noticed is that there's
no eggs in this which makes it really
nice so if you have a problem with fresh
eggs in your area you don't have to
worry about it with this recipe now the
first thing that I'm going to do is put
my meanies into my little food processor
really we're going to put everything in
here so as I put things in all explain
stuff to use and you could use either
regular low-fat fat-free mayonnaise you
know whatever you prefer just use a good
good mayonnaise okay now the Parmesan
cheese now I have fresh grated Parmesan
cheese here and I actually grade it in
my little mini food processor which
makes it really easy because it's less
expensive if you can buy it in the big
chunk like that but if you want to buy
it already grade it that's up to you but
again make sure you get a really good
brand now next I have some fresh lemon
juice this is freshly squeezed if you
don't have fresh lemons you can buy the
bottled stuff in the store no problem
with that a little bit of whish you
share sauce all of the measurements are
on my website dishing with DICOM so
don't worry about that and that's where
you find all my other recipes too now
this is a little bit of olive oil just a
little and again good brands good brands
of everything whatever the best is that
you can afford is going to make this
taste you know better than it would you
didn't buy good brands and this is Dijon
mustard I just have a little bit here a
little bit of sugar this is granulated
sugar and the garlic now this is chopped
now if you don't have a food processor
or blender or any of the other things I
mentioned then you might want to just
take this and grate the garlic into the
bowl that you're going to be mixing
everything in because you don't want
chunks of garlic like this in the salad
it has to be you know very finely
blended so I'm going to put this in here
and it will get blended up well in here
now next is the anchovy paste now I just
want to show you that this is this is
the brand that I picked up at the store
and this is usually found on the shelf
it's not refrigerated after you open it
you have to refrigerate it but it's in a
little tube like this now you could use
fresh anchovies if you want to you just
have to chop those up nice and fine I
don't use anchovies all the time I used
it in my shrimp bisque but so I don't
really prefer to have fresh anchovies
this works a lot better for me so you
could leave this out completely if you
want to but it really
is what kind of gives Caesar salad that
you know nice taste you you're not
really aware of what it is that's making
it taste so great
anchovies so you could just kind of
adjust how much you want in there but
again if you don't want it just mix it
so I'm going to put this in the fresh
ground black pepper and I'm going to put
a little bit of salt in there now not
too much on the salt because if you're
using the anchovy paste that's already a
little bit salty now we're just going to
take this and blend it up really well
all right that was quick and easy now
you can see the little flicks of pepper
in there and you can see it looks like
there's little lumps in it that's
actually the cheese so this is you know
what you usually see when you have
Caesar salad dressing or Caesar dressing
we should call it and what I usually do
is make it a day or two ahead of time it
actually tastes better if it at least
sits overnight and it's one of those
things after a couple days it just keeps
getting better and better I'll usually
keep it for about a week in an airtight
container but I'm just going to put a
little bit of dressing on here plus a
few of those in there so crunchy just
get everything well coated and now I'm
just going to put this into my serving
bowl just a little bit and that looks
gorgeous I like a lot of dressing on
there put some of those croutons on and
what I like to do is maybe put like a
couple extra ones on there that don't
have anything on it and you could also
put some more fresh ground black pepper
on here if you want and I think it looks
nice when you put like a few grates of
the fresh parmesan like shred it like
this over top how's that look nice that
was so easy
and now I got to give a little taste on
those croutons one they're crunchy
really delicious lots of flavor it does
get better as it sits it tastes great
right now but I would really recommend
that you make this in advance the recipe
is on my website edition with DICOM I
hope I made your life a little easier
more enjoyable and delicious we'll see
you next time bye